Update to the invoke host function (#621)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/references/host-fns.rst

            *invoking* contract) has changed (``1``) or not (``0``) and the
            remaining 23 bits are the index of the return value that can be used
            in a call to |get_parameter_size|_ and |get_parameter_section|_.

>             If the fourth byte is 0 the call failed because of a logic error and

Reviewer: Maybe use bit indexing here as well.
```suggestion
            If the bits 25..32 are all zero the call failed because of a logic error and
```
